# Terms of Service

**Updated March 16th, 2023**

**Please review our Disclaimer and Terms of Service before using the Levra Protocol or interacting with USDL.**

Levra Protocol is an open-source, decentralised borrowing protocol. Levra Protocol Foundation (“we”, “our”, or “us”) offer access to the Levra Protocol protocol on the Ethereum blockchain to deposit assets and borrow the protocol’s native stablecoin, USDL, as well as stake various assets (”Protocol”), through its website. Levra Foundation. Cayman Islands.

## 1. Use of the Services

To use the Services, you must legally be able to enter into the Agreement. By using the Services, you represent and warrant that you meet the eligibility requirement. If you do not meet the requirement, you must not access or use the Site or the Services. Levra Protocol AND THE GRVT AND USDL TOKEN IS NOT OFFERED TO PERSON OR ENTITIES WHO RESIDE IN, ARE CITIZENS OF, ARE LOCATED IN, ARE INCORPORATED IN, OR HAVE A REGISTERED OFFICE IN THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA (COLLECTIVELY, “US PERSONS”). MOREOVER, NO SERVICES (AS DEFINED BELOW) ARE OFFERED TO PERSON OR ENTITIES WHO RESIDE IN ARE CITIZENS OF, ARE LOCATED IN, ARE INCORPORATED IN, OR HAVE A REGISTERED OFFICE IN ANY SANCTIONED TERRITORY (AS DEFINED BELOW, AND ANY SUCH PERSON OR ENTITY FROM A SANCTIONED TERRITORY, A “SANCTIONED PERSON”). WE DO NOT MAKE EXCEPTIONS; THEREFORE, IF YOU ARE A U.S. PERSON, THEN DO NOT ATTEMPT TO USE THE APP OR PROTOCOL, AND IF YOU ARE A SANCTIONED PERSON, THEN DO NOT ATTEMPT TO USE ANY OF THE SERVICES, USE OF A VIRTUAL PRIVATE NETWORK (”VPN”) TO CIRCUMVENT THE RESTRICTIONS SET FORTH HEREIN IS PROHIBITED. ARBITRATION NOTICE: THESE TERMS (“TERMS”) CONTAIN AN ARBITRATION CLAUSE BELOW. EXCEPT FOR CERTAIN TYPES OF DISPUTES MENTIONED IN THAT ARBITRATION CLAUSE, YOU AND WE AGREE THAT ANY DISPUTES RELATING TO THE SERVICES (AS DEFINED BELOW) WILL BE RESOLVED BY MANDATORY BINDING ARBITRATION, AND YOU WAIVE ANY RIGHT TO A TRIAL BY JURY OR TO PARTICIPATE IN A CLASS-ACTION LAWSUIT OR CLASS-WIDE ARBITRATION. You are entering into a binding Agreement. BY ACCESSING OR USING OUR SERVICES, WHICH INCLUDE OUR VARIOUS WEBSITES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, GRVT.FINANCE (AND ANY RESPECTIVE OR RELATED SUBDOMAINS); APPLICATIONS (COLLECTIVELY WITH ANY MATERIALS AND SERVICES AVAILABLE THEREIN, AND SUCCESSOR WEBSITE(S) OR APPLICATION(S) THERETO, THE “SITE”), AND OTHER SERVICES THAT LINK TO THESE TERMS, AS WELL AS ANY INFORMATION, TEXT, LINKS, GRAPHICS, PHOTOS, AUDIO, VIDEO, OR OTHER MATERIALS STORED, RETRIEVED OR APPEARING THEREON, WHETHER ACCESSED THROUGH THE SITE OR OTHERWISE (COLLECTIVELY, THE “SERVICES”), YOU ARE ENTERING INTO A BINDING AGREEMENT WITH US THAT INCLUDES THESE TERMS, GRVT.FINANCE - PRIVACY POLICY (FOUND HERE), AND OTHER POLICIES REFERENCED HEREIN (COLLECTIVELY, THE “AGREEMENT”). To the extent that there is a conflict between these Terms and any applicable additional terms, these Terms will control unless expressly stated otherwise. If you don't agree with these Terms, you may not use the Services and should not visit the Site or otherwise engage with the Services. We may update the Services and the Terms. We may update the Services, the Agreement, and any part of the Terms at any time, for any reason, at our sole discretion. Once any part of the Agreement is updated and in effect, you will be bound by the Terms if you continue to use the Services, including by accessing the Site. We may, at any time, and without liability to you, modify or discontinue all or part of the Services (including access to the Services via any third-party links). You should review the Terms from time to time to ensure that you understand the terms and conditions that apply to you when you access or use the Site.

## 2. Assumption of Risk

You assume the risks of engaging in transactions that rely on smart contracts and other experimental technology. Transactions on the Levra Protocol rely on smart contracts stored on the Ethereum blockchain blockchains, cryptographic tokens generated by the smart contracts, and other nascent software, applications and systems that interact with blockchain-based networks. These technologies are experimental, speculative, inherently risky, and subject to change. Among other risks, bugs, malfunctions, cyberattacks, or changes to the applicable blockchain (e.g., forks) could disrupt these technologies and even result in a total loss of cryptoassets, their market value, or digital funds. You are solely responsible for the safekeeping of the private key associated with the blockchain address used to interact with the Protocol. We assume no liability or responsibility for any such risks. If you are not comfortable assuming these risks, you should not access or engage in transactions using blockchain-based technology. One of the other defining features of blockchain technology is that its entries are immutable, which means, as a technical matter, they generally cannot be deleted or modified by anyone. This includes smart contracts and cryptoassets generated and programmed by smart contracts. THUS, TRANSACTIONS RECORDED ON THE BLOCKCHAIN, INCLUDING TRANSFERS OF CRYPTOASSETS AND DATA PROGRAMMED INTO THESE ASSETS MUST BE TREATED AS PERMANENT AND CANNOT BE UNDONE BY US OR BY ANYONE. YOU MUST BE VERY CAREFUL WHEN YOU FINALIZE ANY TRANSACTION THAT WILL BE RECORDED ON THE BLOCKCHAIN. We are not liable for any third-party services or links. We are not responsible for the content or services of any third-party, including, without limitation, any network, or apps like Discord, or MetaMask, and we make no representations regarding the content or accuracy of any third-party services or materials. The use and access of any third-party products or services, including through the Services, is at your own risk. You agree to the automated collection and disbursement of assets by smart contracts. You acknowledge and agree that all transactions accessed through the Services will be automatically processed using one or more blockchain-based smart contracts. By engaging in transactions using the Services, you acknowledge and consent to the automatic processing of all transactions in connection with using the Services. You further acknowledge and agree that the applicable smart contract will dictate how the funds of a transaction and ownership of cryptoassets are distributed. You acknowledge the risks of using the Services. You bear sole responsibility for evaluating the Services before using them, and all transactions accessed through the Services are irreversible, final, and without refunds. The Services may be disabled, disrupted or adversely impacted as a result of sophisticated cyber-attacks, surges in activity, computer viruses, and/or other operational or technical challenges, among other things. We disclaim any ongoing obligation to notify you of all of the potential risks of using and accessing our Services. You acknowledge there is a real risk that assets deposited into the protocol and Protocol related tokens: USDL, GRVT, and vault tokens may suffer complete and permanent economic loss should the protocol’s technical or economic mechanisms suffer catastrophic failure. You acknowledge that the terms of the Protocol may change at any time for any reason included but not limited to protocol fees, rewards, and accessibility. You agree to (defined below) accept these risks and agree that you will not seek to hold any Levra Protocol Indemnified Party responsible for any consequent losses. You are solely responsible for the security of your wallet. You understand and agree that you are solely responsible for maintaining the security of your wallet. Any unauthorized access to your wallet by third parties could result in the loss or theft of any cryptoasset, or any funds held in your account and any associated accounts. You understand and agree that we have no involvement in, and you will not hold us responsible for managing and maintaining the security of your wallet. You further understand and agree that we are not responsible, and you will not hold us accountable, for any unauthorized access to your wallet. It is your responsibility to monitor your wallet. We reserve the right to restrict your access from engaging with the Services. You agree that we have the right to restrict your access to the Services via any technically available methods if we suspect, in our sole discretion, that (a) you are using the Services for money laundering or any illegal activity; (b) you have engaged in fraudulent activity; (c) you have acquired cryptoassets using inappropriate methods, including the use of stolen funds to purchase such assets; (d) you are the target of any sanctions administered or enforced by the U.S. Department of the Treasury’s Office of Foreign Assets Control (“OFAC”), the United Nations Security Council, the European Union, Her Majesty’s Treasury, or any other legal or regulatory authority in any applicable jurisdiction; (e) either you, as an individual or an entity, or your wallet address is listed on the Specially Designated Nationals and Blocked Persons List (“SDN List”), Consolidated Sanctions List (“Non-SDN Lists), or any other sanctions lists administered by OFAC; (f) you are located, organized, or resident in a country or territory that is, or whose government is, the subject of sanctions, including but not limited to Côte d’Ivoire, Cuba, Belarus, Iran, Iraq, Liberia, North Korea, Sudan, and Syria; or (g) you have otherwise acted in violation of these Terms. If we have a reasonable suspicion that you are utilizing the Site for illegal purposes, we reserve the right to take whatever action we deem appropriate. We do not guarantee the quality or accessibility of the Services. As a condition to accessing or using the Services or the Site, you acknowledge, understand, and agree that from time to time, the Site and the Services may be inaccessible or inoperable for any reason, including, but not limited to equipment malfunctions, periodic maintenance procedures or repairs, causes beyond our control or that we could not reasonably foresee, disruptions and temporary or permanent unavailability of underlying blockchain infrastructure or unavailability of third-party service providers or external partners for any reason. You acknowledge and agree that you will access and use the Services, including, without limitation, the Site at your own risk. You should not engage in blockchain-based transactions unless it is suitable given your circumstances and financial resources. By using the Services, you represent that you have been, are and will be solely responsible for conducting your own due diligence into the risks of a transaction and the underlying smart contracts and cryptoassets.

## 3. Privacy

We care about your privacy. We use safeguards to preserve the integrity and security of your and aggregate data. However, we cannot guarantee that unauthorized third parties will never be able to obtain or use your PII or aggregate data for improper purposes. You acknowledge that you provide your PII and aggregate data at your own risk, and that we will comply with all valid subpoena requests. By accessing and using the Interface, you understand and consent to our collection, use, and disclosure of your PII and aggregate data.

## 4. Taxes

You are responsible for your taxes and duties. Users bear sole responsibility for paying any and all taxes, duties, and assessments now or hereafter claimed or imposed by any governmental authority associated with their use of the Services, and/or payable as the result of using and/or exploiting any cryptoassets and interacting with smart contracts. Blockchain-based transactions are novel, and their tax treatment is uncertain.

## 5. Prohibited Content

You may only use the Services if you comply with this Agreement (including, without limitation, these Terms), applicable third-party policies, and all applicable laws, rules, regulations and related guidance. The following conduct is prohibited: using the Services for, or to promote or facilitate, illegal activity (including, without limitation, money laundering, financing terrorism, tax evasion, buying or selling illegal drugs, contraband, counterfeit goods, or illegal weapons); exploiting the Services for any unauthorized commercial purpose; uploading or transmitting viruses, worms, Trojan horses, time bombs, cancel bots, spiders, malware or any other type of malicious code that will or may be used in any way that will affect the functionality or operation of the Services; attempting to or actually copying or making unauthorized use of all or any portion of the Services, including by attempting to reverse compile, reformatting or framing, disassemble, reverse engineer any part of the Services; harvesting or otherwise collecting information from the Services for any unauthorized purpose; using the Services under false or fraudulent pretenses or otherwise being deceitful; interfering with other users’ access to or use of the Services; interfering with or circumventing of the security features of the Services or any third party’s systems, networks or resources used in the provision of Services; engaging in any attack, hack, denial-of-service attack, interference, or exploit of any smart contract in connection with use of the Service (and operations performed by a user that are technically permitted by a smart contract may nevertheless be a violation of our Agreement, including these Terms, and the law); or engaging in any anticompetitive behavior or other misconduct. Violating our rules may result in our intervention. You agree and acknowledge that if you use the Services to engage in conduct prohibited by applicable law, permanently reserve the right to completely or partially restrict or revoke your access to the Services, either completely or for a period of time, at our sole discretion. We reserve the right to amend, rectify, edit, or otherwise alter transaction data to remediate or mitigate any damage caused either to us or to any other person as a result of a user’s violation of this Agreement or applicable law. We reserve the right to investigate violations. We reserve the right to investigate and prosecute any suspected breaches of this Agreement, including the Terms. We may disclose any information as necessary to satisfy any law, regulation, legal process, or governmental request.

## 6. Disclaimers and Limitations of Liability

We make no representations or warranties. THE SERVICES ARE PROVIDED ON AN “AS IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE” BASIS. WE AND OUR PARENTS, SUBSIDIARIES, AFFILIATES, RELATED COMPANIES, OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, CONTRACTORS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, REPRESENTATIVES, PARTNERS, AND LICENSORS (COLLECTIVELY, THE “Levra Protocol INDEMNIFIED PARTIES”) MAKE NO GUARANTEES OF ANY KIND IN CONNECTION WITH THE SERVICES. TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED UNDER APPLICABLE LAW, THE Levra Protocol INDEMNIFIED PARTIES DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT AND DISCLAIM ALL RESPONSIBILITY AND LIABILITY FOR: THE SERVICES BEING ACCURATE, COMPLETE, CURRENT, RELIABLE, UNINTERRUPTED, TIMELY, SECURE, OR ERROR-FREE. INFORMATION (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE VALUE OR OUTCOME OF ANY TRANSACTION) AVAILABLE THROUGH THE SERVICE IS PROVIDED FOR GENERAL INFORMATION ONLY AND SHOULD NOT BE RELIED UPON OR USED AS THE SOLE BASIS FOR MAKING DECISIONS. ANY RELIANCE ON THE SERVICES IS AT YOUR OWN RISK. INJURY OR DAMAGE RESULTING FROM THE SERVICES. FOR EXAMPLE, YOU EXPRESSLY ACKNOWLEDGE, UNDERSTAND, AND AGREE there is a real risk that assets deposited into the protocol and Protocol related tokens: USDL, GRVT, and vault tokens may suffer complete and permanent economic loss should the Protocol’s technical or economic mechanisms suffer catastrophic failure. YOU EXPRESSLY ACKNOWLEDGE THAT THE Levra Protocol INDEMNIFIED PARTIES ARE NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR LOSS OR DAMAGE CAUSED BY ANOTHER USER’S CONDUCT, UNAUTHORIZED ACTORS, OR ANY UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO OR USE OF THE SERVICES. VIRUSES, WORMS, TROJAN HORSES, TIME BOMBS, CANCEL BOTS, SPIDERS, MALWARE OR OTHER TYPE OF MALICIOUS CODE THAT MAY BE USED IN ANY WAY TO AFFECT THE FUNCTIONALITY OR OPERATION OF THE SERVICES. Limitation of Liability. TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, IN NO EVENT SHALL ANY Levra Protocol LABS INDEMNIFIED PARTY BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR ANY LOSS, DAMAGE, OR INJURY OF ANY KIND INCLUDING ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, EXEMPLARY, CONSEQUENTIAL, OR PUNITIVE LOSSES OR DAMAGES, OR DAMAGES FOR SYSTEM FAILURE OR MALFUNCTION OR LOSS OF PROFITS, DATA, USE, BUSINESS OR GOOD-WILL OR OTHER INTANGIBLE LOSSES, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH: (A) THE SERVICES OR YOUR INABILITY TO USE OR ACCESS THE SERVICES; (B) MISUSE OF THE SERVICES (INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS OF THE SERVICES); (C) ANY USER CONDUCT ON THE SERVICES; OR (D) TERMINATION, SUSPENSION OR RESTRICTION OF ACCESS TO ANY THE SERVICES. IN ADDITION TO THE FOREGOING, NO Levra Protocol INDEMNIFIED PARTY SHALL BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES CAUSED IN WHOLE OR IN PART BY: (A) USER ERROR, SUCH AS FORGOTTEN PASSWORDS OR INCORRECTLY CONSTRUCTED SMART CONTRACTS OR OTHER TRANSACTIONS; (B) SERVER FAILURE OR DATA LOSS; (C) THE MALFUNCTION, UNEXPECTED FUNCTION OR UNINTENDED FUNCTION OF THE BLOCKCHAIN, ANY COMPUTER OR CRYPTOASSET NETWORK (INCLUDING ANY WALLET PROVIDER), INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION LOSSES ASSOCIATED WITH NETWORK FORKS, REPLAY ATTACKS, DOUBLE-SPEND ATTACKS, SYBIL ATTACKS, 51% ATTACKS, GOVERNANCE DISPUTES, MINING DIFFICULTY, CHANGES IN CRYPTOGRAPHY OR CONSENSUS RULES, HACKING, OR CYBERSECURITY BREACHES; (D) ANY CHANGE IN VALUE OF ANY CRYPTOASSET; (E) ANY CHANGE IN LAW, REGULATION, OR POLICY; (VI) EVENTS OF FORCE MAJEURE; OR (F) ANY THIRD PARTY. THIS LIMITATION OF LIABILITY IS INTENDED TO APPLY WITHOUT REGARD TO WHETHER OTHER PROVISIONS OF THESE TERMS HAVE BEEN BREACHED OR HAVE PROVEN INEFFECTIVE. THE LIMITATIONS SET FORTH IN THIS SECTION SHALL APPLY REGARDLESS OF THE FORM OF ACTION, WHETHER THE ASSERTED LIABILITY OR DAMAGES ARE BASED ON CONTRACT, INDEMNIFICATION, TORT, STRICT LIABILITY, STATUTE, OR ANY OTHER LEGAL OR EQUITABLE THEORY, AND WHETHER OR NOT THE Levra Protocol INDEMNIFIED PARTIES HAVE BEEN INFORMED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF ANY SUCH DAMAGE. IN NO EVENT WILL THE Levra Protocol INDEMNIFIED PARTIES’ CUMULATIVE LIABILITY TO YOU OR ANY OTHER USER, FROM ALL CAUSES OF ACTION AND ALL THEORIES OF LIABILITY EXCEED ONE THOUSAND U.S. DOLLARS (U.S. $1,000.00). UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES SHALL ANY Levra Protocol INDEMNIFIED PARTY BE REQUIRED TO DELIVER TO YOU ANY VIRTUAL CURRENCY AS DAMAGES, MAKE SPECIFIC PERFORMANCE, OR ANY OTHER REMEDY. IF YOU WOULD BASE YOUR CALCULATIONS OF DAMAGES IN ANY WAY ON THE VALUE OF VIRTUAL CURRENCY, YOU AND WE AGREE THAT THE CALCULATION SHALL BE BASED ON THE LOWEST VALUE OF THE VIRTUAL CURRENCY DURING THE PERIOD BETWEEN THE ACCRUAL OF THE CLAIM AND THE AWARD OF DAMAGES. Some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion or limitation of certain warranties and liabilities provided in this section; accordingly, some of the above limitations and disclaimers may not apply to you. To the extent applicable law does not permit Levra Protocol. Indemnified Parties to disclaim certain warranties or limit certain liabilities, the extent of Levra Protocol Indemnified Parties’ liability and the scope of any such warranties will be as permitted under applicable law.

## 7. Indemnification

You agree to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless the Levra Protocol Indemnified Parties from any claim or demand, including reasonable attorneys’ fees, made by any third party due to or arising out of: (a) your breach or alleged breach of the Agreement (including, without limitation, these Terms); (b) anything you contribute to the Services; (c) your misuse of the Services, or any smart contract and/or script related thereto; (d) your violation of any laws, rules, regulations, codes, statutes, ordinances, or orders of any governmental or quasi-governmental authorities; (e) your violation of the rights of any third party, including any intellectual property right, publicity, confidentiality, property, or privacy right; (f) your use of a third-party product, service, and/or website; or (g) any misrepresentation made by you. We reserve the right to assume, at your expense, the exclusive defense and control of any matter subject to indemnification by you. You agree to cooperate with our defense of any claim. You will not in any event settle any claim without our prior written consent.

## 8. Arbitration Agreement and Waiver of Rights, Including Class Actions.

PLEASE READ THIS SECTION CAREFULLY: IT MAY SIGNIFICANTLY AFFECT YOUR LEGAL RIGHTS, INCLUDING YOUR RIGHT TO FILE A LAWSUIT IN COURT AND TO HAVE A JURY HEAR YOUR CLAIMS. IT CONTAINS PROCEDURES FOR MANDATORY BINDING ARBITRATION AND A CLASS ACTION WAIVER. Agreement to Attempt to Resolve Disputes Through Good Faith Negotiations Prior to commencing any legal proceeding against us of any kind, including an arbitration as set forth below, you and we agree that we will attempt to resolve any dispute, claim, or controversy between us arising out of or relating to the agreement or the Services (each, a “Dispute” and, collectively, “Disputes”) by engaging in good faith negotiations. Such good faith negotiations require, at a minimum, that the aggrieved party provide a written notice to the other party specifying the nature and details of the Dispute. The party receiving such notice shall have thirty (30) days to respond to the notice. Within sixty (60) days after the aggrieved party sent the initial notice, the parties shall meet and confer in good faith by videoconference, or by telephone, to try to resolve the Dispute. If the parties are unable to resolve the Dispute within ninety (90) days after the aggrieved party sent the initial notice, the parties may agree to mediate their Dispute, or either party may submit the Dispute to arbitration as set forth below. Agreement to Arbitrate You and we agree that any Dispute that cannot be resolved through the procedures set forth above will be resolved through binding arbitration in accordance with the International Arbitration Rules of the International Centre for Dispute Resolution. The place of arbitration shall be the Cayman Islands. The language of the arbitration shall be English. The arbitrator(s) shall have experience adjudicating matters involving Internet technology, software applications, financial transactions and, ideally, blockchain technology. The arbitrator’s award of damages must be consistent with the terms of the “Limitation of Liability” subsection of these Terms as to the types and amounts of damages for which a party may be held liable. The prevailing party will be entitled to an award of their reasonable attorney’s fees and costs. Except as may be required by law, neither a party nor its representatives may disclose the existence, content, or results of any arbitration hereunder without the prior written consent of (all/both) parties. UNLESS YOU TIMELY PROVIDE US WITH AN ARBITRATION OPT-OUT NOTICE (AS DEFINED BELOW IN THE SUBSECTION TITLED “YOUR CHOICES”), YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT YOU AND WE ARE EACH WAIVING THE RIGHT TO A TRIAL BY JURY OR TO PARTICIPATE AS A PLAINTIFF OR CLASS MEMBER IN ANY PURPORTED CLASS ACTION OR REPRESENTATIVE PROCEEDING. FURTHER, UNLESS BOTH YOU AND WE OTHERWISE AGREE IN WRITING, THE ARBITRATOR MAY NOT CONSOLIDATE MORE THAN ONE PERSON’S CLAIMS AND MAY NOT OTHERWISE PRESIDE OVER ANY FORM OF ANY CLASS OR REPRESENTATIVE PROCEEDING. Changes By rejecting any changes to these Terms, you agree that you will arbitrate any Dispute between you and us in accordance with the provisions of this section as of the date you first accepted these Terms (or accepted any subsequent changes to these Terms).

## 9. Waiver of Injunctive or Other Equitable Relief.

TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, YOU AGREE THAT YOU WILL NOT BE PERMITTED TO OBTAIN AN INJUNCTION OR OTHER EQUITABLE RELIEF OF ANY KIND, SUCH AS ANY COURT OR OTHER ACTION THAT MAY INTERFERE WITH OR PREVENT THE DEVELOPMENT OR EXPLOITATION OF THE SERVICES, OR ANY OTHER WEBSITE, APPLICATION, CONTENT, SUBMISSION, PRODUCT, SERVICE, OR INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY OWNED, LICENSED, USED OR CONTROLLED BY ANY Levra Protocol INDEMNIFIED PARTY.

## 10. Termination;

Cancellation This Agreement is effective unless and until terminated by either you or us. You may terminate your Agreement with us at any time by ceasing all access to the Site, Protocol and/or the Services. If, in our sole judgment, you fail, or we suspect that you have failed, to comply with any term or provision of the Agreement (including without limitation any provision of these Terms), we reserve the right to terminate our Agreement with you and deny you access to the Services. We further reserve the right to restrict your access to the Site or to stop providing you with all or a part of the Services at any time and for no reason, including, without limitation, if we reasonably believe: (a) your use of the Services exposes us to risk or liability; (b) you are using the Services for unlawful purposes; or (c) it is not commercially viable to continue providing you with our Services. All of these are in addition to any other rights and remedies that may be available to us, whether in equity or at law, all of which we expressly reserve. WE RESERVE THE RIGHT TO MODIFY THE SERVICES AT ANY TIME, BUT WE HAVE NO OBLIGATION TO UPDATE THE SERVICES. YOU AGREE THAT IT IS YOUR RESPONSIBILITY TO MONITOR CHANGES TO THE SERVICES THAT MAY AFFECT YOU. YOU AGREE THAT WE MAY REMOVE THE SERVICES AND/OR ANY CONTENT THEREON FOR INDEFINITE PERIODS OF TIME OR CANCEL THE SERVICES AT ANY TIME, WITHOUT NOTICE TO YOU.

## 11. Severability

If any provision of the Agreement (including, without limitation, these Terms) is determined to be unlawful, void, or unenforceable, such provision shall nonetheless be enforceable to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, and the unenforceable portion shall be deemed to be severed from the Agreement. Such determination shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any other remaining provisions.

## 12. Assignment

The Agreement (including, without limitation, these Terms) may be assigned without your prior consent to any Levra Protocol Indemnified Party, or to its successors in the interest of any business associated with the Services provided by us. You may not assign or transfer any rights or obligations under the Agreement without our prior written consent.

## 13. Entire Agreement

The Agreement (including, without limitation, these Terms, and the Levra Protocol Privacy Policy) and any policies or operating rules posted by us on the Services constitute the entire agreement and understanding between you and us and govern your use of the Services, superseding any prior or contemporaneous agreements, communications, and proposals, whether oral or written, between you and us (including, but not limited to, any prior versions of these Terms). Any failure by us to exercise or enforce any right or provision of the Agreement (including, without limitation, these Terms) shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision.

## 14. Governing Law

These Terms and any separate agreements whereby we provide you Services shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the Cayman Islands.
