# General

## How can I use Levra?

Levra enables users to borrow funds by using multiple forms of yield-generating collateral, including LSTs and yield-amplified or/and auto-compounding stable-coins like bLUSD.\
\
To get started users can deposit their collateral into the Levra protocol and receive USDL token in return. The amount of USDL they can borrow depends on the value of their collateral.\

## What are the key benefits of Levra?

Levra not only provides users with interest-free loans, but also helps to improve decentralization by supporting multiple LSTs as collateral, allowing users to borrow against a variety of assets while maintaining separate positions for each.&#x20;

This approach promotes diversity in the crypto ecosystem and supports the growth of high-quality minority LSTs.

Additionally, Levra is non-custodial, programmatic and transparent, upholding the ideals of decentralized finance.

This means that Levra does not take a cut of the yield generated by your LSTs, bLUSD or LP positions. Our fees are paid upfront and in a transparent way, clearly visible from the UI.

## How can I earn money on Levra?

Users can earn money on Levra by providing liquidity to the Stability Pool.&#x20;

The Stability Pool is used to help repay the debts of liquidated Vessels that go above the maximum LTV. Stability Providers earn income via liquidation gains.

Levra may introduce a governance token, in the future, which may be used to provide benefits to users.&#x20;

However, the platform will launch **without** the governance token initially.
